Test Release:
1) Collision optimization (voxel, shield and a bit more tuning of block based collisions).

Release 1.0:
1) Finish and test Multiplayer
2) Add Weapon ModAPI support - Inital accuracy level: Ray a Sphere, further reduce to Line intersecting OBB for v1.0 release.
3) Confirm proper unloading of mod during game reload.
4) Require emitters to be within range of other emitters to complete a combined (larger) field.
5) Balance shield damage/protection 

Known Bugs / tweaks (targeted to be fixed by v1.0 release):
1) Exploit, second grid can be used to beat LOS check.  Fix: Check all grids within range.
2) Animated spheres are drifting during velocity.
3) Possible bug... confirm sOriBBoxD is correct size.
4) Shield vs Shield and Shield vs Voxel is not yet drawing power buffer.
5) Shield strength is over buffed for testing.
6) Particles sometimes don't start right away and/or go away.
7) Material costs.
8) Cleanup large shield placement on station (doesn't work as designed, but fails to init cleanly).
9) Still have debugging enabled, performacne might be less than optimal in some cases.  
10) Please report any in game mod warnings that report DefenseShields as the cause.  Explain what you were doing at the time.
11) Brief mod warning when Station Shield goes online.
12) Check to see if shield block owner is allied with BigOwner.
13) Look into own ship missiles being blocked (small grid and perhaps large).

Release 2.0:
1) Add damage shield block.
2) support forward, back, left, right, top and bottom shields with their own power levels and visuals.
3) Improve auto size adjustment corner cases
4) Adjust shield power efficiency using distance from reactors or power relays.
5) Add a Centeral Control Block and LCD readouts
6) Add true Ellipsoid Weapon ModAPI support.
7) optimize block cache with LocalAABB of fat blocks (ignore all tiny/uncollidable blocks, further optimize for huge grid collisions).
8) Look into using SuppliedRatioByType and rex's TrackSource idea for extremely precise power tracking and perhaps a very small performance improvement.
9) Block definition manager / type getter thingy.
10) Add actual particle effects to shield verts/triangles.  Perhaps even use impact animations.

Bugs (v2):
1) Inside entities cannot cause deformation damage... Rewrite damage handler to regen deformation damage vs preventing it from outside hostiles.
